Windy Bill, sung by Brownie McNell, Austin, Texas, February 19th.
Oh, Windy Bill was a Texas guy, and he could rope, you bet.
He allowed the steer, he could not tie, not found, not found him yet.
They...knew of an old black steer, black steer, black steer, a sort of an old outlaw that ran down in the chaparral just at the head of the draw.
Now this old black steer that stood his ground with punches from everywhere, so they bet old Bill that two to one that he could not get quite there.
So Bill brought out his old grey horse, his withers and back were raw to tackle that big black steer that ran down in the draw.
With his greys and bit and his samstack tree and his chaps and taps to boot and his old McGee tied hard and fast, Bill swore he'd get that fruit.
Now first Bill sort of sauntered around, old Blackie began to fall.
Then threw his tail straight in the air, went a-drifting down the draw.
The old gray horse flew after him, for he had been eating corn.
And Bill, he piled his old McGee right around old Blackie's horns.
The old grey horse, he stopped dead still.
The cinches broke like straw.
And the old McGee and the samsack tree went a-driftin' down the hall.
Bill, he lit in the flint rock pile, his face and hands were scratched.
He said he thought he could rope a snake, but he guessed he'd met his match.
He paid his bets like a little man without a bit of jaw.
He allowed old Blackie was the boss of anything in that draw.